---
title: Azure
date: 2022-06-27 12:00:00 -500
categories: [Azure, Azure]
tags: 
---

# Table of Contents
- [Sing up a Azure Account:](#sing-up-a-azure-account)
- [Creating a web app with azure:](#creating-a-web-app-with-azure)
- [Upload your web page files:](#upload-your-web-page-files)

# Sing up a Azure Account
1. Go to the Azure website (https://azure.microsoft.com/).
2. Click on the "Free account" button in the top right corner of the page.
3. Follow the prompts to create a Microsoft account, if you don't already have one.
4. Once you have a Microsoft account, sign in and follow the prompts to set up your Azure account.
 
 During the setup process, you may be asked to provide payment information, such as a credit card. This is because most Azure services are charged on a pay-as-you-go basis. However, Azure offers many free services and a free trial period, so you will not be charged until you exceed the limits of the free tier or choose to upgrade to a paid subscription.

It's also a good idea to familiarize yourself with Azure's pricing and service options before setting up your account. This will help you make informed decisions about which services and resources you want to use, and how you want to use them.


# Creating a web app with azure
1. Go to the Azure portal (https://portal.azure.com/).
2. Sign in to your Azure account.
3. Click on the "Create a resource" button in the top left corner of the page.
4. In the "Search the Marketplace" field, type "Web App" and press Enter.
5. Click on the "Web App" tile that appears in the search results.
6. Click on the "Create" button.
7. On the "Create Web App" blade, enter the following information:
8. Name: This is the name of your web app. It must be unique within Azure, and it will be used to create the URL for your web app (e.g., https://[name].azurewebsites.net).
9. Subscription: Select the Azure subscription that you want to use to create the web app.
10. Resource group: You can use an existing resource group, or create a new one by typing a name in the "Create new" field. A resource group is a logical container for resources in Azure, such as web apps, databases, and virtual machines.
11. App Service plan/Location: Select the location and pricing tier for your web app. The location determines where the web app will be hosted, and the pricing tier determines the available features and capacity of the web app.
12. Click on the "Review + create" button.
13. Review the information on the "Review + create" blade, and then click on the "Create" button to create the web app.
It may take a few minutes for Azure to create the web app and provision the necessary resources. When the process is complete, you will see a notification in the portal, and you can access your web app using the URL provided.

Once your web app is created, you can use the Azure portal to manage and configure it, deploy your web app code, and monitor its performance and usage.

# Upload your web page files
1. Navigate to the "Overview" page of your web app.
* Click on the "Upload" button under "Deployment options".
* Select the files you want to upload, or drag and drop them into the "Files" field.
* Click on the "Upload" button to upload the files to your web app.

2. Using FTP or SFTP:
* Set up FTP or SFTP access for your web app in the Azure portal. You can find instructions for this in the Azure documentation (https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/configure-ftp-deployment).
* Use an FTP or SFTP client to connect to your web app using the hostname, username, and password provided in the Azure portal.
* Navigate to the "site/wwwroot" folder, and upload your webpage files to this folder.

3. Using Git:
* Set up Git deployment for your web app in the Azure portal. You can find instructions for this in the Azure documentation (https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/deploy-continuous-deployment).
* Use a Git client to clone the repository for your web app.
* Add your webpage files to the repository and push the changes to Azure.

4. Using Azure DevOps or a similar continuous integration and deployment tool
* Set up a build and release pipeline in Azure DevOps or a similar tool.
* Configure the pipeline to build and deploy your webpage files to your web app.
Which method you choose will depend on your preferences and needs. The Azure portal and FTP/SFTP are suitable for simple deployments, while Git and continuous integration and deployment tools are more suitable for larger, more complex projects.