---
title: AWS
date: 2023-01-15 12:00:00 -500
categories: [AWS, AWS, AWSWebPage,]
tags: 
---

# Setting up and Deploying a Web Page on Amazon Web Services (AWS)

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a collection of remote computing services (also called web services) that make up a cloud computing platform, provided by Amazon.com. In this article, we will show you how to set up and deploy a simple web page on AWS.

**Prerequisites**

Before getting started, you'll need the following:

- An AWS account. If you don't have one, you can sign up for a free account here.
- A basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

# Step 1: Setting up an S3 Bucket

To deploy a web page on AWS, you'll need to set up an Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) bucket. S3 is an object storage service that offers industry-leading scalability, data availability, security, and performance.

1. Log in to the AWS Management Console.
2. Click the "Services" drop-down menu and select "S3."
3. Click the "Create bucket" button.
4. Give your bucket a unique name and select the region closest to your target audience.
5. Choose the "Standard" storage class and click the "Next" button.
6. In the "Set properties" section, leave the default settings and click the "Next" button.
7. In the "Set permissions" section, select the "Block all public access" option and click the "Next" button.
8. Review your settings and click the "Create bucket" button to create the S3 bucket.

Step 2: Creating Your Web Page

Now that you have an S3 bucket set up, you need to create your web page.

9. In the AWS Management Console, navigate to the S3 bucket you just created.
10. Click the "Upload" button to upload a new file to the bucket.
11. Create a new file called "index.html" with the following code:

```php

<html>
  <head>
    <title>My First AWS Web Page</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Hello, AWS!</h1>
  </body>
</html>
```

12. Upload the file to your S3 bucket.

# Step 3: Deploying Your Web Page

Now that your web page is created, you need to deploy it to your S3 bucket.

13. In the AWS Management Console, navigate to the S3 bucket you created.
14. Right-click on the "index.html" file and select "Properties."
15. In the "Properties" section, click on the "Static website hosting" card.
16. Select the "Use this bucket to host a website" option.
17. Enter "index.html" as the index document and click the "Save" button.
18. Take note of the "Endpoint" URL displayed on the card, which is the URL for your web page.

# Step 4: Making Your Web Page Public

By default, the contents of your S3 bucket are private. To make your web page publicly accessible, you need to set the appropriate permissions.

19. In the AWS Management Console, navigate to the S3 bucket you created.
20. Right-click on the "index.html
21. In the "Permissions" section, click on the "Bucket Policy" tab.
22. Add the following bucket policy to make your web page publicly accessible:

```json

{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "PublicReadGetObject",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Principal": "*",
            "Action": "s3:GetObject",
            "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::<your_bucket_name>/*"
        }
    ]
}
```

Replace <your_bucket_name> with the name of your S3 bucket.
23. Click the "Save" button to save the bucket policy.

# Step 5: Testing Your Web Page

Now that your web page is deployed and publicly accessible, it's time to test it.

24. Open a web browser and navigate to the "Endpoint" URL you noted in Step 3.
25. You should see your web page with the message "Hello, AWS!" displayed.

# Conclusion

Congratulations! You have successfully set up and deployed a web page on AWS. This is just the beginning of what you can do with AWS. AWS provides a variety of services and tools to help you build and deploy complex applications and services. With this simple example, you now have a foundation for building more complex web applications with AWS.